add community discussions page (#1293)
Doenet/DoenetML: packages/docs-nextra/pages/community/communityDiscussions.mdx

# Using Doenet's Community Discussions

> One way to engage with Doenet's community is to use our [Community Discussions](http://community.doenet.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to engage with Doenet's community is to use our discussion forums at [community.doenet.org](https://community.doenet.org).
```
